it's great to have you here well thank
you they may not have heard what you
said just then that it's great to have
me with you but Jimmy why is it taking
so long I don't know why I really feel
like I I mean I am a very big fan of
your work mutual that she'll blunt talk
he did was a great show and I know
that's probably something you don't hear
a lot about with all the Star Trek that
goes on we got cancelled after two
seasons boy I thought that was a mistake
cause it was so funny well maybe you
could arrange to bring it back I will
work on it well you are a sir I mean
being a sir it seems like you would have
power to do whether you could have
people beheaded if you wanted to good of
you I think those days are past
oh that's although you know if Sir Ben
Kingsley had his way I know there are
one or two people and not to mention Sir
Ian there are so many of us and I began
to get a feeling that maybe it's not
quite as rare as it used to it's pretty
rare we have a sir mix-a-lot here in the
United States we don't have you know do
you ever get together with the other
serves just say like sit around a round
table and well I stir it up something
makes it something makes me think that
you've been set up because it actually
happened I mean the round table and the
sirs and it happened right here in Los
Angeles so on Sunset Boulevard in a
restaurant and I was there with my wife
and a couple of friends one night and
we'd only be there a few minutes and in
walked Sir Paul McCartney oh now I
encountered Paul many times over the
years we're almost the same age although
you wouldn't think so very youthful
let's just say that well thank you yes
and we talked and just standing there at
the tables and then he sat down and five
minutes later Ringo Starr walks in
oh my god yeah and with him is George
Harrison's wife okay I was a crazy story
now this means you were drunk is really
what it means yeah well I'm pretty sure
it could have been and they sat with you
at your table well no no they ordered in
adjoining table um and I did I don't
know Ringo so we went over we finished
our meal got up ready to leave
Paul stopped came around the table gave
me a big hug
we have a long history of meeting in
situations like that and as he was
hugging me he said you know Ringo and I
said well of course I know Ringo Starr
and he said but have you ever met him
and I said no no he said well hey Ringo
this is a pot sir Ringo
Sir Patrick Stewart and then I said hang
on a minute
one two there are three of us around
this table and Ringo wet yeah
this is a very fancy restaurant I would
think so and this incident did not go
unnoticed as you can oh yeah you're
probably surrounded but surrounded by
after that you know I'm not very good
with puns it's really what I was born to
do you are and look I have a I have a
proposal
oh really loved your monologue tonight
oh thank you thank you we need you in
the UK right now you know we're right in
the middle of an unexpected election but
it's happening yes guy Johnson yes over
in yes
Trump yes we need you so what about
could you give you need me we're in a
lot of trouble no not to run for
Parliament oh no to do to do your show
maybe you could guest for a week because
if you could take on Boris Johnson and
what the Tory party are doing to our
country I think it would make a huge
difference what do you think well I mean
you know I hate listen I'm thinking of
moving out of the country anyway you
know what
Cyrus Johnson is you know you say he's
your Donald Trump but I think our Donald
Trump's even crazier than your Donald
yeah well he he's had more years to be
crazy in for it he's significantly older
than Boris Boris's hair is more
questionable than Trump's hair no
because there's a face that just goes up
how does that come about that two of the
leaders well yeah he's our prime
minister should have such
right
it's an excellent point
you uh you know I was interested because
I grew up in Las Vegas that your wife is
from Reno yes and when there's a kinship
between the cities and for me for a long
time
Nevada meant Las Vegas love Las Vegas no
really you love Las Vegas I I do you
know it I got to thank my Star Trek pals
for this because which ones old guys
uh-huh levar levar burton Jonathan
Frakes brent Spiner michael dorn we
would go for we would go for weekends in
Las Vegas really and we would have a1
people must have flipped when they saw
you guys all together that was a little
bit of flipping going on were you there
for to gamble
I was yeah you were but not the rest of
the guys no levar levar I'm Jonathan
Gamble's but they're not they don't do
it with the enthusiasm what kind of what
do you watch your game what do you like
to play doctor blackjack yeah yeah yeah
that's the most fun and so would they
sit with you at the table would you get
upset with them when they they play the
game improv
oh no weird weird that we love one
another with such great buddies no it
was it was entertaining although it
could gather a crowd yeah right I'm sure
no doubt yeah but when you're there
gambling there is a little bit of you
are protected in some way yes because
people for whatever reason take it
seriously like Oh leave them all they're
gambling we're in Las Vegas and that is
a serious business
that's right you no kidding around so
you came from Brooklyn I originally in
Brooklyn till I was nine family moved to
Las Vegas
I live in broke you live in Brooklyn now
yeah it's like we're following each
other
we did take a break Sir Patrick Stewart
is here with us what about Australian
Johnny oh you're gonna regret this
well you just talk way too much you're
super Klingon you've come on way too
strong
I know so that's four months
surveillance two countries and the most
embarrassing date I have ever been on in
my life are we good
I will address this to the US Justice
Department along with all your new
friends here we're good to go
that's Patrick Stewart Charlie's Angels
was that on your radar the TV show of
the 70s it was it was not you know I
feel a little uncomfortable about that
it's okay the first part of my career
was exclusively theater so I worked six
nights a week and so that there is a
huge gap in my knowledge of all kinds of
television British television and us
tell them you just never watched
television during coz wouldn't you have
like like 22 hours a day off at that
time 22 hours no no cuz we're rehearsing
during the day however then we're doing
a show at night which wraps at 10:30 11
o'clock and you know you go out for a
drink or dinner and and then evening
I'll get you the DVDs there's a lot to
catch up on really did you ever yourself
appear in Charlie's Angel appear in
Charlie's Angels no I I said I sat in
front of the television panting watching
Charlie's Angel really oh yes you were
excited
oh very well that Malibu stuff there was
a poster of Farrah Fawcett who was the
big star of Charlie's name right and it
was probably the most famous poster pop
you know poster in American history I'd
say
really yeah yes oh yes it's quite
something you know I I have led a very
kind of private life from on the whole
so it didn't include a lot of television
for a long time so I got some catching
up did you really do we got to the baby
I'm the poster yeah you know I think the
poster will be enough actually okay deal
and by the way while we're talking about
you giving me things and there's yeah
they're in my dressing room I've never
seen a dressing room like the one that I
have here it has the most amazing art
deco furniture in it now I love deco
this building is I talked to a few
people and they're gonna have some of it
put in the back of my take whatever well
I wanted to okay that with you first a
hundred percent it's all yours and
you're welcome to sleep over I know you
asked about this a lot but I could sense
just the millions of Star Trek fans
yearning for information about what's
coming up about what's coming up yes yes
Picard car yes what it D can you tell us
can you give us any information about
what we might see no I guess you can't
oh great
[Music]
eighteen years
so did I make that sound just eighteen
years since we are that the next
generation crew were on camera like
which was our last film nemesis and so
the world has changed in eighteen years
the world of the Federation and
Starfleet has changed Patrick Stewart
has changed because he's a lot older
than he was when we were last at
Paramount making the series and this
means that what we have is something
different something new and I hope there
won't be too much disappointment that
there isn't a an enterprise or the
Kru on but its interest it's it's a
changed world and we find picard because
the trailers are out people have seen
little hints he's at home on the Chateau
Picard vineyard and with his pitbull and
it was my insistence I have a dog and if
I have a dog it has to be a pitbull but
I've seen the first five episodes yeah I
think they're ruining your happy one
pilots are great it's great to have you
here Rui so much I enjoyed our chat I
hope you come back again soon and we
look forward to a Star Trek Picard
coming next year early next year
Charlie's Angels opens in theatres
Friday Sir Patrick Stewart everyone I am
Jimmy Kimmel click below to subscribe to
our YouTube channel or if you want to be
that way about it though